en: add doc for ingress in tidbmonitor (#389)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/monitor-using-tidbmonitor.md

  imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
```

## Enable Ingress

This section introduces how to enable Ingress for TidbMonitor. Ingress is an API object that exposes HTTP and HTTPS routes from outside the cluster to services within the cluster.

### Prerequisites

Before using Ingress, you need to install the Ingress controller. Simply creating the Ingress resource does not take effect.

> You can deploy the [NGINX Ingress controller](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/), or choose from various [Ingress controllers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to deploy the [NGINX Ingress controller](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/), or choose from various [Ingress controllers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers/).
```

For more information, see [Ingress Prerequisites](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/#prerequisites).

### Access TidbMonitor using Ingress

Currently, TidbMonitor provides a method to expose the Prometheus/Grafana service through Ingress. For details about Ingress, see [Ingress official documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/).

The following example shows how to enable Prometheus and Grafana in TidbMonitor:

```yaml
apiVersion: pingcap.com/v1alpha1
kind: TidbMonitor
metadata:
  name: ingress-demo
spec:
  clusters:
    - name: demo
  persistent: false
  prometheus:
    baseImage: prom/prometheus
    version: v2.11.1
    ingress:
      hosts:
      - exmaple.com
      annotations:
        foo: "bar"
  grafana:
    baseImage: grafana/grafana
    version: 6.0.1
    service:
      type: ClusterIP
    ingress:
      hosts:
        - exmaple.com
      annotations:
        foo: "bar"
  initializer:
    baseImage: pingcap/tidb-monitor-initializer
    version: v3.0.5
  reloader:
    baseImage: pingcap/tidb-monitor-reloader
    version: v1.0.1
  imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
```

> To modify the setting of Ingress Annotations, configure `spec.prometheus.ingress.annotations` and `spec.grafana.ingress.annotations`. If you use the default Nginx Ingress, refer to [Nginx Ingress Controller Annotation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/) for details.

Reviewer: Please unify `see` or `refer to`.
```suggestion
To modify the setting of Ingress Annotations, configure `spec.prometheus.ingress.annotations` and `spec.grafana.ingress.annotations`. If you use the default Nginx Ingress, see [Nginx Ingress Controller Annotation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/) for details.
```
